ohhhh
So I noticed with a lot of superhero here  with their costumes
When it's like something hot like bottle
or like ...It looks like plastic. its like..
You look fake. You look like really bad styrofoam cosplay.
They need to make it really good. and
Like, they spent like a hundred billion dollars on this movie. It's like...
But it doesn't look like you did. It looks like you spent...hmmhm
hmm what?
Oh my gosh!
thats crazy i think we were like
teamwork was ur teamwork You like the Lego movie
What do you mean you're okay with it?
It's so funny. I rewatched all the Lego movies.
movies like Ninjago, Batman, and the original Lego movie outside.
You guys are so funny. Why did I hate that? I hated all of those movies when I was younger.
And then I watched it again. These are actually really good movies. They're really funny.
you
It's a good movie. It's a comedy for real.
what? jabian?umm
I don't know, I don't really have a favorite favorite.
honestly i feel like um (****) i just really like them
no, see how
I like his blonde hair. He looks like a shyster.
He looks a lot better with the black hair in my opinion
Because when I see him with the blonde hair, it's like, he's gonna scam me.
He's definitely going to scam me.
You don't like those snake oil sellers
thats what he looks like.The black hair he looks more normal
hahaha
But he's European. He's actually blonde.
I think it's a really nice movie.
original book? I know the original book is very different.
hahhaha really?
Oh i like it
No, I was like damn you just accepted the fact that you're an old lady and now you're just working in this house
I was.
Like, Lowkey , the urgency in her...
in her own movie it's like it's kind of not there
It's all about Howl. I mean, it is his movie, Howl's movie yeahh so
but it's like we started with
ummm We started with her, so...
No, it's it's the age gap like see if I did another age
I could just like oh, she's like 24. He's like 28. That's fine
but..
As I almost twice your age
Actually, no, that wasn't the... Actually, I'm gonna check you on that.
That's actually over exaggerated. The original technically was like 14 and 30 something.
But they lowered, they changed it.
So she was a little older. She was like, what, 17, 16? And the guy is probably...
They said it was like it was like it was like 19 or 20
So the gap isn't as, see, it's still bad, but it's not as bad as
14 and 16 and 30 something.
It's still really bad
But you know what? I accepted because back then they were strange anyways. They were freaky.
They're on something.
Is there a Disney princess movie? ummm.. I don't see it.
Objectively like
you
Oh, the Maleficent. but
i lowkey Think CGI for Disney movies has kind of like
yeah I think Maleficent was like peak
And then everything else was like...
They were really good. and I think...
The Dalmatian one like um
I think she's okay. She's okay. I think she low-key ate
She was really, yeah, she was cute.
Not the original, not the original
but the villain when she got her own
I don't think there's... I don't know. I just think the costumes are really nice.